.. SPDX-License-Identifier: GPL-2.0

Kernel driver mp2891
====================

Supported chips:

  * MPS MP2891

    Prefix: 'mp2891'

Author:

	Vadim Pasternak <vadimp@nvidia.com>

Description
-----------

This driver implements support for Monolithic Power Systems, Inc. (MPS)
vendor dual-loop, digital, multi-phase controller MP2891.
The MP2891 can work with MPS’s Intelli-PhaseTM products to complete the
multi-phase voltage regulator (VR) solution with minimal external components.

MP2891 is available in a QFN-56 (7mmx7mm) package.

This device supports:

- Two power rails.
- Programmable Multi-Phase up to 16 Phases on rail 1, and a maximum of 8 phases
  on rail 2.
- PWM-VID Interface.
- Two pages for telemetry.
- Programmable pins for PMBus Address.
- Ability to store and restore device configurations.
- 200kHz to 3MHz Switching Frequency.
- Automatic Loop Compensation.
- Couple Inductor Mode.
- Supports Multi-Configuration for 6 Different Applications.
- Flexible Pulse-Width Modulation (PWM) Assignment for 2 Rails.
- Automatic Phase-Shedding (APS) to Improve Overall Efficiency.
- Phase-to-Phase Active Current Balancing with Configurable Offsets for Thermal
  Balance.
- Digital Load-Line Regulation.
- Overclocking Mode by Adding Offset to VOUT.

Device complaint with:

- PMBus rev 1.3 interface.

Device supports direct format for reading output current, output voltage,
input and output power and temperature.
Device supports linear format for reading input voltage and input power.

The driver provides the next attributes for the current:

- for current out input and maximum alarm;
- for phase current: input and label.

The driver exports the following attributes via the 'sysfs' files, where:

- 'n' is number of configured phases (from 1 to 10);
- index 1 for "iout";
- indexes 2 ... 1 + n for phases.

**curr[1-{1+n}]_input**

**curr[1-{1+n}]_label**

**curr1_max**

**curr1_max_alarm**

The driver provides the next attributes for the voltage:

- for voltage in: input, low and high critical thresholds, low and high
  critical alarms;
- for voltage out: input and high alarm;

The driver exports the following attributes via the 'sysfs' files, where

**in1_crit**

**in1_crit_alarm**

**in1_input**

**in1_label**

**in1_min**

**in1_min_alarm**

**in2_alarm**

**in2_input**

**in2_label**

The driver provides the next attributes for the power:

- for power in alarm and input.
- for power out: cap, cap alarm an input.

The driver exports the following attributes via the 'sysfs' files, where
- indexes 1 for "pin";
- indexes 2 for "pout";

**power1_alarm**

**power1_input**

**power1_label**

**power2_input**

**power2_label**

**power2_max**

**power2_max_alarm**

The driver provides the next attributes for the temperature:

**temp1_input**

**temp1_max**

**temp1_max_alarm**
